docs: add execution policy warning message Closes #44598 (#44606)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/setup-local.md

# Setting up the local environment and workspace

> This guide explains how to set up your environment for Angular development using the [Angular CLI tool](cli 'CLI command reference').

Reviewer: Could you please undo all unrelated formatting changes throughout this PR (quotes, newlines, list bullets)

Author: Done

Author: @JoostK could you please check the latest commit and resolve the comment?

  npm install -g @angular/cli<aio-angular-dist-tag class="pln"></aio-angular-dist-tag>
</code-example>

<div class="alert is-helpful">

>  <p>Sets the PowerShell execution policies for Windows computers:</p>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 <p>To set the PowerShell execution policies for Windows computers:</p>
```

To comply with style guides.

>  <p>To Set the PowerShell execution policies for Windows computers:</p>

Reviewer: I have never needed to do this on Windows, so this may not be needed in all cases. This may need some introduction as to _when_ this is needed together with a link to Microsoft's docs. Additionally, can people run into security restrictions when running this command, causing it to fail?

`To Set` needs to become `To set`.

Author: Done

Author: @JoostK Could you please double-check it and resolve the comment?

 <code-example language="sh">

>   Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope CurrentUser -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned<aio-angular-dist-tag class="pln"></aio-angular-dist-tag>

Author: @MrJithil 
Based on my personal experience, I think  `Unrestricted`.   
Should I change it?

>   Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope CurrentUser -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned<aio-angular-dist-tag class="pln"></aio-angular-dist-tag>

Reviewer 3: @aikidave may be the person who can confirm it.

>   Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope CurrentUser -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned<aio-angular-dist-tag class="pln"></aio-angular-dist-tag>

Author: @aikidave  What do you think? should resolve this or change it to Unrestricted?

>   Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope CurrentUser -ExecutionPolicy RemoteSigned<aio-angular-dist-tag class="pln"></aio-angular-dist-tag>

Reviewer: Using `<aio-angular-dist-tag>` is incorrect here.

Author: Removed!

Author: @JoostK  I've removed `<aio-angular-dist-tag>` component, could you please resolve the comment?
